fix(docs): Add ProGuard related properties to MAUI MSBuild page (#14995)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dotnet/common/configuration/msbuild.mdx

</ConfigKey>

<ConfigKey name="SentryUploadAndroidProGuardMapping" supported={["dotnet.maui"]}>

> Controls uploading ProGuard mapping file to Sentry after the build. Defaults to `false` (disabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls whether ProGuard mapping files get uploaded to Sentry after the build.

Defaults to `false` (disabled).
```

Set to `true` to upload ProGuard mapping file to Sentry.

> Your resulting APK will be injected with the metadata `io.sentry.proguard-uuid`. `AndroidManifest.xml` will contain a metadata entry such as the following:

Reviewer: I wasn't quite sure, reading this, what happens if I set it to `true`.

I think (correct me if I'm wrong) when this is set to true, a ProGuard mapping file is uploaded to Sentry after the build (and the mapping file contains the GUID from  the `AndroidManifest.xml` right)?

Isn't injecting the GUID into the APK controlled separately by the `SentryProGuardUUID` build property (or doesn't automatically if that property isn't set)?

Author: I agree the phrasing is quite bad here.

Yes, the mapping file will be associated with the GUID from the `AndroidManifest.xml`, though I don't think the mapping file "contains" the GUID, it is just named with the GUID:

<img width="345" height="227" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60afa3dd-7906-417c-9c1d-6bb895e47453" />

We do inject the GUID into the APK separately, and it's controlled by `SentryProguardUUID` (user-defined or generated during build-time).

I think I'll just rephrase this, and maybe get rid of that xml code snippet because it may be even more confusing to those who are not interested in the inner-workings.

```xml
<meta-data
    android:name="io.sentry.proguard-uuid"
    android:value="YOUR-UUID-HERE" />
```

Do not overwrite `io.sentry.proguard-uuid` metadata directly. See [SentryProGuardUUID](#SentryProGuardUUID) to set your own ProGuard UUID.

> `UseSentryCLI` must be set to `true` for the ProGuard mapping upload to work.

Reviewer: Is this correct? It looks like setting the `SentryUploadAndroidProGuardMapping` automatically/implicitly enables `UseSentryCLI`:
https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/blob/b2b8d492fe62a483200e4564eafffb0ae1cf7d08/src/Sentry/buildTransitive/Sentry.targets#L69-L73
